I think the biggest risk I ever took was applying to my PhD programs.
That was really scary for me. Um, I was very afraid of not getting in
anywhere. Um, I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to do it if I did
get in. But I applied anyways, and I did get in to more than one
program, and I ended up doing really well. And so that was really risky,
though, Like that was I remember the when I put because at the
time there was no riel internet. We had to fill out actual paper forms
and put them through the US mail. And I remember dropping all of
my applications. I just had this big batch. I think I applied to, like,
10 schools. And so I had this huge batch of application packets
going out to all these schools, and I put them into the mailbox at,
like, the post office where you kind of have the little drawer that
you pull and push him in there and then slammed the door off they go.
And I just remember my stomach dropping as soon as that door closed
and they slid away, and I thought, Oh, man, what did I just dio? Yeah,